Subscribe to my channel Å Day
inaccessible
Today, we're going to shoot a
collaboration video with TAKUORI!
So cute!
We're going to have our makeup done and
our hair done.
We're going to have our hair dyed.
I'm really looking forward to it.
We'll do our best!
We're going to shoot a video of
TAKUORI's hair and makeup!
Please look forward to the next
collaboration video!
This program is a program that six
people who are active to promote
something exciting
and challenging various things to raise
the excitement of the world.
This program is a program that six
people who are active to promote
something exciting and challenging
various things to raise the excitement
of the world.
Please subscribe to my channel!
I'm going to shoot a collaboration with
Kangol.
I've always wanted to collaborate with
fashion brands.
I'm so excited to shoot this
collaboration.
I'm going to shoot this day.
I'm not going to wear makeup.
I'm wearing orange makeup and I'm
wearing nail polish.
I'm so excited.
I'm going to shoot a different concept
than usual.
I'm going to shoot a fashion magazine
model.
I did my best.
I was nervous.
I'm not used to shooting a magazine.
But, the cameraman talked to me and
made me feel comfortable.
I enjoyed shooting.
I usually wear Kangol's clothes.
I'm so happy to shoot a collaboration
with clothes I usually wear.
I'm going to walk around the city with
this bag.
I'm looking forward to it.
Please come to see me.
Today...
I wore the clothes that were chosen by
the collaboration with Kangol.
I also wore makeup and nails.
It was a shooting that made me feel
like a new me.
I felt like a model.
It was really fun.
You can see my excitement.
I'm here at the booth of the
collaboration goods with KANDORU.
I've never done this kind of makeup
before.
I was wondering what I was doing.
I usually do natural makeup.
I tried to make my hair shiny and put
on a star.
I was asked to do my hair in a cute
way.
I tried to make my hair in a member
color.
It was a different feeling from usual.
It was fun to do a new thing.
It was a new feeling.
I wore a purple skirt and a tights.
I had a lot of fun.
Please subscribe to my channel!
I've never done this kind of make-up
before.
Lemon color make-up.
It's a different and fashionable make-
up.
It was a fun shooting.
It was so quick.
I had a lot of fun.
I was so excited with the staff.
This is my first time collaborating
with KANCOL.
I saw the clothes and tried them on.
They are very cute.
I also did pink makeup to match my
color.
I also did half-tweens that I don't
usually do.
I think it's my first time doing half-
tweens in my life.
I'm looking forward to it.
It was my first time doing half-tweens.
It was a very fun experience to shoot
something I've never done before.
I'm glad I got to experience this
because I've seen it.
I'm looking forward to seeing how it
will be.
First of all, I'm sure SHOEI is cute.
But, it's different from usual.
I got a cute make-up from a great make-
up artist.
And I got a hair-do.
I'm happy that I got used to my usual
self.
I've never seen Julia's dark make-up.
But, her make-up is very cute.
I complimented her to other members.
It was my dream to shoot a video with a
brand like this.
I was very happy when I decided to
shoot a video with this brand.
So, I'm very happy to shoot a video
with this brand.
I'm wearing a kangaroo mask.
I'm going to shoot a video with this
brand.
This is a cute design.
We suggested this design to each of
you.
We found this design and thought it was
cute.
There are many sizes.
Both men and women can wear this.
It's easy to wear.
You can wear this with many clothes.
I hope you wear this.
I'm happy. It's cute.
First of all...
There are 6 members in each color.
This is a special feature.
But it's a special feature, but it's a
good thing that people who don't know
the special features can wear it.
It's really cute.
And...
Ta-da!
This is a bag.
This bag has a member's color, but it's
not emphasized.
I'm going to use it because I'm a
little nervous.
Actually, we looked at the design and
chose the one we like.
But when I saw the actual design, it
was really cute and fresh.
I'm really nervous now.
It's really cute. The kanji for Kangol
is in six colors.
You can wear it on your shoulders or on
your shoulders.
I thought it was really cute.
Even if you don't know about the
design, I think you can wear it.
I hope you are interested in it.
I didn't expect that Kisen would
collaborate with a tourist.
The color of the number of our
attendance is so cute.
I want people from all over the world
to come here.
I want my classmates and school friends
to wear it.
I think it's a cute design that I'm
confident in.
Thank you, Kangol.
I think this hoodie is cute, so it goes
well with anything.
For example, if you are a student, you
can wear it with school uniform.
If you are a girl, you can wear it with
a mini checkered skirt.
You can wear it with a denim pants.
I think this design can be worn in
various ways.
I think it would be cute if it is worn
in street style.
If you are a man, you can wear it with
a short pants.
You can wear it with a cute and stylish
color socks.
You can wear it with a thick sneaker.
I think it is cute. I think you can
enjoy your own style with this hoodie.
That's all for today.
Thank you for watching.
The shooting is over!
It was fun!
Ta-da!
Isn't it cute?
It's different from usual.
It's cute!
It was so fun!
Everyone said it was cute!
It's cute!
Everyone, please check it out!
Get it!
Please!
Bye bye!
Subbed by Dreadopp and Zedopp.
I want to perform live with my body
full of passion.
I will definitely show you a more
powerful appearance than last year.
We support you.
We are really a big fan of J.J.M.E.
Our history has just started.
I think that there is no limit to the
possibilities if we all do it.
If we are with J.J.M.E. and our
members, we believe that we can
definitely make a big wall into a small
wall.
So, please wait for us, Nakano Sampra!